And if they want to invite each other over
to do stuff,
how do they ask without feeling shy?
Just use stickers.
HUNGRY.
We’re just friends with benefits.
But I still want our relationship
to be based on comfort.
Isn’t that Wine?
Who’s she with?
GUARANTEED WINNINGS FOR NEW USERS.
EASY JACKPOTS.
Yeah, your head’s about to go ‘jackpot,’
you scammer assholes.
And they keep sending this, huh?
I'M HOME ALREADY.
WHO DID YOU GO OUT WITH TODAY?
I’M SLEEPY.
Are we seriously not going to talk at all?
Don’t you think
we have way too many meetings?
I can’t even finish my work.
We have more meetings
than hairs on my head.
This meeting’s probably going to turn into
One Piece again.
What does that even mean?
Eh?
I mean, we keep sailing off topic.
Anyone who wants to sail away
can go ahead.
But I’m leaving first.
I’ve got a client meeting.
Lal, the PR team
will be joining today’s meeting too.
I bet you’re definitely
canceling on the client.
This meeting’s going to drag forever.
Our environmental development project
is ready to move forward
toward a truly eco-friendly future.
This is the direction
of our company’s PR strategy this year.
Um, excuse me.
I have a client appointment,
so I need to leave early.
Uh, Lal.
Yes?
Please try to close more major clients.
We need something impressive to promote.
Last month,
all we saw were small accounts.
We should help each other out, right?
It’ll make things easier
for the sales team too.
Thank you for the suggestion.
Does anyone have any questions
about this project?
Lal, how did the client meeting go?
I closed the deal!
The PR team can finally shut up for once.
Huh? Why?
New from PR is great at being sarcastic.
He’s acting just like Bas.
Eh?
Why am I getting dragged into this
out of nowhere?
Didn’t you hear
what he said in the meeting?
He was obviously throwing shade at us,
saying we only land small clients.
Maybe he just wants bigger clients
to build on his own work.
Yeah, but Lal, you should be careful.
New already had issues
with the previous sales head before.
Really? What happened?
Well, New likes
building connections, right?
Whenever he closes deals with big clients,
he likes meeting them privately.
The former sales head didn’t like that,
so it turned into a cold war.
Not just big clients.
He’s like that with the executives too.
Executives?
New loves getting close to higher-ups.
And he’s good at it too.
They all adore him.
If someone makes him upset,
he’ll badmouth them to the bosses
until they’re under so much pressure
that they eventually
can’t take it and quit.
Damn, that’s some
hardcore office politics.
Work’s already exhausting enough.
Now I have to deal with someone toxic too?
Gossiping makes me thirsty.
Didn’t I buy bubble tea at noon?
Where the hell did it go?
Anyway, just try
not to get into trouble with him.
Don’t worry.
I don’t think our departments
overlap that much anyway.
Besides, our team proves ourselves
through actual skill.
Clients feel impressed,
and the boss likes it too.
Damn, that touched my heart!
Having a great boss like you
who always stands by the team…
Hey, do you have a pen?
I need to write that quote down
and print it on a T-shirt.
-Do you have one?
-I just have snacks.
Why don’t you carry a pen?
-I just don’t have one.
-What kind of employee are you?
Uh, Lal?
Huh?
Both the boss
and the bubble tea disappeared.
Did you drink mine or what?
Are you heading home already?
Oh?
I thought once you left to see clients,
you wouldn’t come back.
I still needed to submit a report,
so I came back.
I just parked
behind the building, actually.
Then I’ll get going first. I’ve got plans.
Plans…with who?
Thank you.
Wine.
Proud.
The parking lot
behind the building was full,
so I parked out front instead.
Oh, I’m close with the security guard,
so he let me in.
This is Proud.
She’s my junior from the same faculty.
And this is Lal—
Miss Lal.
We work together.
Hello.
Are you in the middle of something?
I can wait.
No, we just happened
to run into each other.
Then let me borrow Wine for our date.
What are you talking about?
This kid is just weird.
I already booked the restaurant.
Shall we go now?
Excuse us first, Miss Lal.
Let’s go.
I booked your favorite restaurant.
I’m starving. Let’s go.
Dude, she straight-up called it a date
with a totally straight face.
They’re definitely
not just senior and junior.
That Praew girl—or whatever her name is.
(Her name is Proud, isn’t it?)
See? I’ve heard this on repeat.
I might as well know her well
at this point.
Yeah, that Proud girl.
Hey, she’s both gorgeous and adorable.
What do you think?
Before I answer that, answer me first.
Is this your story or your friend’s?
Obviously mine…
I mean, how could it be mine?
Of course it’s my friend’s story.
Hold on.
But aren’t they just
friends with benefits?
So why does it matter
who she dates or whatever?
I’m just… curious, okay?
Alright then.
As a professional
in friends-with-benefits situations,
say this to your friend.
“That’s none”.
None what?
None of your business.
It’s not your business!
(The thing you should care about
is not catching infectious diseases.)
(As long as you’re not the third person
breaking up anyone’s family,)
(that’s all that matters.)
Other than that, who she hangs out with
or dates is her business.
Okay. I’ll tell my friend that then.
Wait, are you into wine now?
What? Who’s into her?
I already told you she’s not my type.
Excuse me, I meant the wine in your hand.
Don’t you usually drink beer?
Oh, a client gave me this bottle
and it’s about to expire,
so I figured I should drink it.
Speaking of Wine,
(you barely talk about her
anymore these days.)
It’s always about your “friend.”
Or is this story actually about Wine?
Enough. Stop talking already.
I think you’re drunk.
I’m going to sleep now. Bye.
(Excuse me?)
(You’re the one drinking alcohol.)
I’m hanging up now.
Here’s the receipt.
If it’s just this,
you could’ve just let me pick it up
from your department.
During my lunch break, I went to
the street market across the street.
I saw this and thought of you, Lal.
If you want to start growing plants,
maybe start with something easy first.
Thanks.
I’ll do my best to take good care of it.
Oh right, are you free this evening?
Well, I don’t have to go anywhere.
You aren’t going with Proud?
Why did you ask that?
I just thought you two were close.
It’s true we are close.
She’s my junior from the same faculty.
But that doesn’t mean
we have to see each other every day.
We’re not dating or anything.
Okay.
Let me go finish up some work first,
and then I’ll pick you up at your condo.
Mm.
She even said it herself
that they’re not together.
Awwwww!
She even thought of me too.
I'M AT THE LOBBY NOW.
I'M WAITING DOWNSTAIRS.
I’M SORRY, SOMETHING CAME UP.
I HAVE TO CANCEL.
IS EVERYTHING OKAY?
Hey, Wine.
Why did you rush down like this?
I rushed down to get the building staff.
I’m sorry.
I don’t think I can go with you today.
That’s okay.
Why did you need the building staff?
A pipe burst.
I came out of the bathroom
and the whole room was flooded.
Um, excuse me,
could you come upstairs and take a look?
My room’s flooding.
Flooding?
Oh, sure.
Is the bathroom drain clogged?
No, it’s not clogged.
I already checked carefully.
I think a pipe may have burst.
My room had the same problem before,
so I know what it’s like.
Then I’ll go shut off the water valve
in your room first.
I already turned it off. How is it?
It still seems to be leaking.
I don’t think
it’s coming from Wine’s room.
Really?
Then I’ll call the technician right away.
Hey, by the time the technician gets here,
it’ll be too late.
Can we just talk
to the neighbor next door?
The person next door
is kind of difficult to deal with.
Why?
She complains a lot.
Ask her one thing and she’ll think
you’re attacking her.
Excuse me.
Lal, maybe we should just wait
for the technician.
No. The longer this goes on,
the worse the leak gets.
And if it reaches the electrical system,
we’re screwed.
Excuse me.
What is it?
I’m sorry to bother you.
There’s water leaking into our room,
so we wanted to ask
if your room has any leaks too.
If it does,
we can call a technician together.
We checked everything already.
The leak is definitely
coming from the next room.
The renovation technician broke a pipe and
just wrapped tape around it carelessly.
Once the tape came off,
the water burst out like that.
I think your whole floor
will need replacing.
How long will it take?
Replacing the floor takes one day.
But waiting for materials
and an available technician
will take around two weeks.
Either way,
the responsibility falls on you, ma’am.
So I have to pay for this too?!
Yes, because the broken pipe
that caused the leak belongs to your unit.
Ugh, how was I supposed to know
the technician would do
such a terrible job?
Then you’ll need to get them
to cover the damages.
I have to deal with it myself?
Why not let that girl handle it instead?
That’s because
they’re your technician, ma’am.
You’re right, sis.
It’s really hard to find
good technicians these days.
Some people have amazing portfolios,
but when you see the actual work,
it’s a total disaster.
You really understand me, don’t you?
Of course I do.
And earlier, I caught a glimpse
of your furniture inside.
It’s so beautiful and very modern too.
I can totally tell you have amazing taste
and pay attention to detail, right?
You probably spent forever
choosing technicians carefully,
only for this to happen.
I really feel for you.
-Exactly!
-Right?
And technicians these days, seriously—
My room is full of imported,
high-end furniture.
And now it all has to get soaked
because of some lousy technician!
I just can’t stand this!
Exactly, right?
Yes!
Think about the cost of the furniture!
Imported-grade furniture costs!
The cost!
Alright then.
I’ll make the technician
take responsibility for everything,
including your room too.
Go calculate all the damages
and let me know.
I, Sister Pu, will compensate you
for every single thing!
Alright?
Thank you.
You’re such a sweet talker.
No wonder you’re good at selling.
Was that a compliment or an insult?
I need to set the right mood here.
Anyway, thank you.
You helped smooth things over.
You can head home now.
I’m going to stay and clean up a bit.
Then where are you going to sleep tonight?
I’ll sleep here.
Hey, but the floor’s already swelling up.
And there’s going be mold
and that gross mold smell too.
Or maybe I could stay at Tangkwa’s place.
I’d just have to wake up earlier
since she lives far away.
Ugh, waking up early sounds exhausting.
Maybe find someone
who lives near the office?
Nearby?
Oh!
Cheese.
But didn’t she say they’re doing
road construction in front of her place?
Road construction?
Come on.
Then there’d be traffic and dust too.
That’s awful.
Honestly, this is kind of hard
to find someone who lives near the office,
has a place big enough
so it won’t feel cramped,
and is someone you can trust.
That’s actually really hard.
We can’t do that.
What if the people at the company
get suspicious?
Then just don’t commute together.
If we go separately, who would know?
Well, if it’s only for two weeks,
I’m okay with it.
I don’t mind.
-I haven’t even asked you yet.
-I just wanted to say it.
I just wanted to tell you
that you can stay with me.
I really don’t mind at all.
There’s breakfast,
and free Wi-Fi is included.
Okay.
Then let me stay with you.
Mm.
Wait here.
I’ll go pack my things first.
Uh…
Hm?
Whoa.
You’re staying for two weeks
with just that?
Yeah.
That’s it?
I don’t really own much stuff.
I only have a few essentials.
Oh, and this too. I use it all the time.
Oh, and that yogurt smell I keep smelling…
Do you want to try it too?
It smells nice.
No thanks.
It doesn’t smell nice?
No, it’s not that.
It’s just…
if I keep smelling this scent,
it’ll feel like
you’re with me all the time.
I’m doomed for sure.
You don’t want me around?
No, it’s not like that.
But it’s just…
What’s wrong with smelling me
all the time?
Well…
Hey!
I only invited you to stay
because I genuinely wanted to help.
I’m not expecting anything else.
I know.
I’m leaving now. See you at the office.
Hey, aren’t you going to eat
something first?
I have a morning meeting.
I guess I won’t have time.
Wait.
Here.
I bought some yesterday to drink myself,
so I got extra for you too.
See? I know you well.
I like it because it has less sugar.
Thanks.
-Oh.
-“Don’t let anyone know.”
I know already.
I’m going now.
Damn, this house is super huge.
Seriously.
Rich people just keep getting richer.
Yeah.
But Lal is seriously amazing.
She showed up
and closed the deal immediately.
ARE YOU HEADING HOME YET?
NOPE, I’M STILL IN A MEETING.
How about grabbing some beer?
Then should we go to that place
near Lal’s condo?
She likes the fried chicken there.
Sure.
Hey, I’m going to head home first.
Come on, Lal.
You just closed a huge deal.
I’m tired.
I just want to go back to my room.
Is someone waiting for you
in your room or something?
Huh?
No.
How could there be?
Who’d be waiting for me in my room?
Are you crazy?
Then come with us.
We haven’t had a chance
to gossip with you in forever.
Yeah, it’s been a while.
I’M EATING WITH MY TEAM FIRST.
LET ME KNOW WHEN YOU’RE HEADING BACK.
Ugh, I want beer.
Well, if Lal’s not going,
then we’re all splitting up.
Nooo!
Alright, alright. I’ll go.
Yay!
Let’s go!
-Come, get in the car.
-Get in the car.
Get in the car.
It’s hot. Hurry up and get in.
Whoa, whoa, what’s with you?
Be careful.
Okay, enough.
Just drop me off here.
I’m already home.
Come on.
I promised Noomnim I’d walk you
all the way to your room.
I even have to send her a picture.
Worry about yourself first, and her too.
Look at her.
Hey!!
Kler, don’t throw up!
-Hey, don’t!
-Swallow it back down!
Hold it in! Hold it in!
Hold it in!
Hey, deep breaths.
Just a little more.
Deep breaths.
The bathroom’s over there.
Take her to the bathroom!
Take her!
Lal, my ride’s here.
I have to go now.
You can get upstairs yourself, right?
I’m already here. I’m totally fine.
Kler, wake up already.
Our ride’s here.
I’m heading out now. Bye.
Get home safe.
I wish I took a picture of your face.
You looked completely stunned.
Please, you looked stunned too.
You literally did this face.
You were shocked. Like this.
Come on, let’s go get the laundry.
But why didn’t you eat dinner?
I seriously don’t get it.
The meeting ended late,
and all the restaurants were closed.
At first I was going to order something,
but I wanted to do laundry first.
Then while I was putting my clothes
in the dryer,
I ran into you.
Then do you want anything?
I can order for you.
It’s okay. Something simple is fine.
Simple?
Hmm… maybe not.
Wow.
You really have to do this much?
Of course.
Nothing beats ramyeon on the rooftop.
Wow.
Let me blow on it first.
Do you like it cooked like this?
I do.
Hey!
Whoa, that almost exploded.
You burned it too, huh?
Just a little.
Come here, let me feed you too.
Delicious!
It’s so delicious!
You’re still not sober yet?
A little.
Hang in there, Numnim.
Bas, the quotation.
Oh.
Lal, hello.
New?
I heard this client’s been with us
for a long time,
so I wanted to come say hello personally.
But you didn’t inform me
you’d be joining us.
Someone on my team probably
forgot to mention it.
Oh, there she is.
Hello, Lal.
Hello.
This is New from PR.
I’m New.
Since you’ve been our client for so long,
I wanted to personally thank you.
Here you are.
Thank you so much.
My pleasure.
Then shall we head inside?
Sure.
This way, please.
Lal.
Just a second. I’ll catch up.
Hurry up.
Let’s go, Bas.
I’m really sorry about today.
I promise something like this
won’t happen again.
It’s okay.
But next time, don’t get this drunk again.
I’m never drinking on workdays again.
Um, Lal.
Yeah?
Today I saw New
exchanging contacts with the client too.
Really?
Yes.
After you left,
I saw New stay and talk
with the client a bit longer.
It’s probably nothing.
At least they’re still company clients.
He probably wouldn’t do anything shady.
Yeah, but like I told you before,
it’s better to stay careful.
I’m worried about you.
It’s okay.
Nobody can do anything to me.
Then here’s the file.
Hey?!
Why did the leaves fall?
I watered it every—
Wait! I forgot to water it for two days!
Hello, Wine.
Is Lal here?
She’s inside.
What are you doing?
I’m stretching my back.
My back hurts.
I brought the quotation for revisions.
Sure thing.
Once I finish editing it,
I’ll bring it to you.
If there’s anything you don’t understand—
Everything.
Eh?
I mean, I understand everything now.
Thank you.
Ugh, what do I do?
(Why are lucky bamboo leaves
turning yellow?)
YELLOWING LEAVES ON LUCKY BAMBOO
IS VERY COMMON AND USUALLY CAUSED BY…
Lal.
Huh?
I already found out about that.
About Wine?
Huh?
No.
I mean the client
we’ve worked with for five years
suddenly deciding
not to renew the contract.
Oh.
Wait, they’re not renewing?
Not just this client.
Two others suddenly decided
not to renew at the same time.
I thought something had to be going on,
so I had someone
from the team investigate.
It turns out all three clients switched
to the same competitor company.
And all three were clients
New personally visited with gift baskets.
No wonder it felt suspicious.
Bas, I need more information.
I want solid evidence
that’ll tie him to this completely.
Got it.
But earlier,
when you thought we meant Wine…
what was that about?
I…
I was worried.
I was worried she—
I mean, Wine might use these issues
to attack us during the meeting.
Lal, you’re seeing Wine too negatively.
I doubt she hates you that much.
Besides, Wine probably
knows New really well.
Okay, random gossip time.
New and Wine used to see each other,
but they never officially dated.
Oh, Lal.
Yes? New.
Come sit with me first.
Don’t you have any client visits today?
Uh, I have no appointments this week.
Why?
Oh, nothing.
I’m just rechecking in case
anything slipped through the cracks.
I want to strengthen our connections
with clients too.
Lately a lot of clients
have been changing their minds
and not renewing contracts,
so maintaining contact feels important.
Thank you so much for always helping out.
Usually my team
already handles those things,
so it’d be better to let us continue
taking care of them ourselves.
Don’t overthink it, Lal.
I’m just helping plug the gaps.
I understand the sales team is probably
focused mainly on closing deals,
so maybe relationship-building
slips your mind sometimes.
Client care is already
part of my team’s job description.
No matter how I work,
it’s still within my team’s scope.
But for someone
completely unrelated to the client
to arrange meetings without any necessity…
that feels a little strange.
It makes me wonder
what their real intentions are.
Come on, Lal.
I was only teasing.
Don’t be mad at me.
We work together,
so we should help each other out,
just like how I helped keep the boss
from finding out
your team showed up hungover
for a client meeting.
Lal.
Just a second. I’ll catch up.
That situation wasn’t even a big deal.
I handled it fine.
You call that handling it?
Anyway, Lal.
Since we work together,
it’s better to be allies than enemies.
Hey, that looks delicious.
Huh? What did you just say?
I said it looks delicious.
Why are you spacing out?
There’s just been a lot on my mind lately.
By the way,
what kind of person is New?
I don’t know.
But I heard
you two used to see each other?
Mm.
-Eh? Then why did it end?
-I don’t want to talk about it.
Can we not?
I’m sorry.
I’m sorry for snapping at you.
I just don’t want to talk about him
because I don’t really know
what kind of person he is.
I’m scared I might misunderstand him.
It’s okay.
I’m the one making things awkward.
There’s just been a lot on my mind lately.
Come to think of it,
we’re not actually dating.
You don’t have to take my words
so seriously.
I’ve been stressed
about the audit lately too.
If I accidentally snap at you sometimes,
I’m sorry.
Fine, fine!!!
Girl, you are crossing the line.
I already told you this isn’t my story.
And your friend’s story? Yeah.
Your friend is crossing the line.
Your friend acts like they forgot
they’re just friends with benefits.
(Since when do friends with benefits
talk this much?)
From what I’ve seen, people hook up
and then go their separate ways.
Those are just normal conversations.
People are supposed to interact,
aren’t they?
(Interact how exactly?)
(Girl, you’re catching feelings.)
If I were you, I’d get out now.
The one who falls harder
gets hurt the most.
I already know that.
Your face says otherwise.
Hey, this isn’t my problem, okay?
It’s my friend’s. I told you.
I’m asking for a friend.
Anyway, bye for now. My break time’s over.
DO YOU WANT TO GRAB SOMETHING
TO EAT AFTER WORK?
I HAVE AN AUDIT MEETING TODAY.
You aren’t going with Proud?
Why did you ask that?
I just thought you two were close.
It’s true we are close.
She’s my junior from the same faculty.
But that doesn’t mean
we have to see each other every day.
(We’re not dating or anything.)
Did you make plans with Wine?
I bought cheesecake for you.
Numnim said
there’s a new onsen spa opening.
Do you want to go together?
We already know about it.
I saw it yesterday.
Saw what?
Well, I want you to help Proud
with something.
Are you two dating?
We don’t have to follow the same rules
as everyone else, right?
Let’s just be friends with benefits,
exclusively for the two of us.